DP-13: Update Configuration docs (#5850)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/admin/configuration/config-tester.adoc

= Configuration Tester

To identify configuration problems, use the configuration tester located in `$\{OPENNMS_HOME}/bin/`.

> You can use the tool while {page-component-title} is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the tool regardless {page-component-title} if is running or stopped.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the tool when {page-component-title} is either running or stopped.
```
